Docs: horizontal rule (#8446)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-horizontal-line/docs/features/horizontal-line.md

# Horizontal line

> The {@link module:horizontal-line/horizontalline~HorizontalLine} plugin provides the possibility to insert a horizontal line into the rich-text editor. Often known as the horizontal rule, this provides a visual way to separate the content. It may indicate a thematic shift (like change of topic) between paragraphs or parts of the story or just be a simple graphic separator to help organize the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {@link module:horizontal-line/horizontalline~HorizontalLine} plugin allows inserting a horizontal line into the rich-text editor.

Often known as the horizontal rule, it provides a visual way to separate the content. It may indicate a thematic shift (like a change of topic) between paragraphs or parts of the story or just be a simple graphic separator to help organize the content.
```

> The {@link module:horizontal-line/horizontalline~HorizontalLine} plugin provides the possibility to insert a horizontal line into the rich-text editor. Often known as the horizontal rule, this provides a visual way to separate the content. It may indicate and thematic shift (like change of topic) between paragraphs or parts of the story or just be a simple graphic separator to help organize the content.

Author: ```suggestion
The {@link module:horizontal-line/horizontalline~HorizontalLine} plugin provides the possibility to insert a horizontal line into the rich-text editor. Often known as the horizontal rule, this provides a visual way to separate the content. It may indicate a thematic shift (like change of topic) between paragraphs or parts of the story or just be a simple graphic separator to help organize the content.
```

## Demo

Use the editor below to see the {@link module:horizontal-line/horizontalline~HorizontalLine} plugin in action.

{@snippet features/horizontal-line}

## Related features

There are more CKEditor 5 features that can help you organize your document content better:
* {@link features/headings Headings} &ndash; Divide your content into thematic sections.

> 

Reviewer: Page break looks like the same category?

Also maybe document title to not make headings feel alone? Lists? A bit different but they help organize content too.
